§ 911.04 Use Standards. (excerpt: A.69, A.69A, A.85 — the standards referenced by the residential rows of the § 911.02 Use Table)

69. Single-Unit Detached and Attached Residential.
(a) In H Districts. Single-Unit Detached and Attached Residential uses shall be subject to the following conditions in the H District.
(1) Topography. Primary structure must be located on buildable land defined as a contiguous area of the lot less than thirty (30) percent in existing slope.
(2) Soils. Any site proposed for development in the H District shall be investigated to determine the soil characteristics. A soils engineering report may be required at the discretion of the Zoning Administrator. Factors to be considered by the Zoning Administrator when determining whether an engineering report will be required include the following (any one (1) factor may warrant an engineer's report):
a. Nature, distribution, and strength of existing soils as described in the County Soils Survey;
b. Any development proposed on natural slopes greater than twenty (20) percent;
c. Areas that are landslide-prone;
d. Areas with soils that have a high shrink-swell potential;
(3) Vegetation. The proposed development shall be designed to minimize the incidence of erosion. The Zoning Administrator will be reviewing the application to determine how the applicant uses the vegetation to reduce erosion. The application must show the Administrator how:
a. Any deep-rooted woody vegetation reduces storm runoff volume over the slope;
b. Existing and proposed foliage reduces the velocity of raindrops by reducing their energy when they strike the ground;
c. Existing and proposed vegetation increases the roughness of the ground surface which slows the velocity of surface water flow; and
d. Existing root networks will be protected to bind the soil.
(4) Access. For any new construction of a dwelling, or dwellings, on a lot fronting on a substandard hillside street, the Zoning Administrator will be reviewing the application to determine how the applicant accesses the street and will be making recommendations to improve any substandard conditions that will be conditions of any approval for a building and occupancy permit. The Zoning Administrator will consider the following existing conditions in the review: road width and slope, road surface condition, drainage, sight distance, availability of on-street and off-street parking, and presence of retaining walls.
(5) Infrastructure. Public water and sewer must be available for connection at the lot line. If the lot in which the owner/applicant is requesting to build upon is determined to meet these five (5) conditions, the Zoning Administrator will then review the plot plan for compliance with the Development Standards in Sections 905.02.C, 905.02.D, and 905.02.E.
(b) Existing vegetation shall be cleared only to the extent needed for the structure, driveway, and outdoor activities that are associated with the residential use. In no case shall more than ten (10) percent, or two thousand four hundred (2,400) square feet, whichever is larger, be cleared.
(c) Single Unit Attached dwellings are permitted by Special Exception in the H District provided that no more than four (4) units are constructed in any cluster.

69A. Single-Unit Attached Residential.
(a) In Residential Single-Unit Detached Districts, Single-Unit Attached Uses shall be permitted subject to the following standards:
1. For lots with Lot Widths of 35 feet or smaller, Single-Unit Attached Uses shall be permitted by right.
2. For lots with Lot Widths larger than 35 feet, Single-Unit Attached Uses shall be permitted by the Special Exception Provisions of Section 922.07.

85. Multi-Unit Residential.
(a) In the UI District. Multi-Unit Residential uses in the UI District shall be subject to the following standards:
(1) All residential units may be limited to floors above the ground floor of the building when residential uses are not desirable on the ground floor.
(b) In the EMI District. Multi-Unit Residential uses shall be subject to the following standards in the EMI District:
(1) The proposed use shall be subject to the Residential Compatibility Standards of Chapter 916; and
(2) The Approving Body shall determine that the proposed use will not create detrimental impacts on surrounding residential properties, taking into consideration the compatibility of the proposed use with the surrounding and adjacent properties; the generation of light and noise from the proposed use; parking, loading and access.
(c) In the UC-E District. Multi-Unit Residential uses shall meet one (1) of the following standards in the UC-E District:
(1) All the residential shall units meet the requirements of Section 907.04.A.6 and shall otherwise follow the processes and procedures of Section 907.04.A, excluding Section 907.04.A.5 Applicability and Section 907.04.A.7 and Off-Site Inclusionary Standards. One hundred (100) percent of the units shall be affordable and shall be located on site. Or
(2) Residential housing shall be less than fifty (50) percent of the Gross Floor Area in a mixed-use structure. For purposes of this calculation, shared spaces between residential uses and commercial shall be excluded from the calculation of Gross Floor Area.
