§ 912.08 Accessory Dwelling Unit Overlay District.

[Ord. No. 32-2018, § 1, eff. 9-10-2018]

A. Intent. It is the intent of this Section to permit the construction and operation of Accessory Dwelling Units, as defined in Section 912.08.D, in certain districts.
B. Time Limit. An interim Accessory Dwelling Unit Overlay District shall be in effect for twenty-four (24) months from the effective date. The Accessory Dwelling Unit Overlay District may be made permanent prior to the expiration of the interim Accessory Dwelling Unit Overlay District.
C. Adoption. Adoption of both a Preliminary and Permanent Accessory Dwelling Unit Overlay District shall be in accordance with the Zoning Map and Text Amendment Procedures of Section 922.05.
D. Special Definitions.
1. Accessory Dwelling Unit Overlay District means a district which is geographically coincidental with one (1) or more districts or portions of districts as defined on the Zoning District Map, where Accessory Dwelling Units are permitted subject to the standards of this Chapter of the Zoning Ordinance, on an interim or permanent basis.
2. Accessory Dwelling Unit means a dwelling unit smaller than 800 square feet in area, which is accessory to a structure with a legally established single dwelling unit. An Accessory Dwelling Unit may be an independent dwelling unit within a primary structure, a detached structure, or a dwelling unit located within an existing accessory structure.
E. Standards.
1. The requirements of this Section shall apply to both interim and permanent Accessory Dwelling Unit Overlay Districts;
2. No Accessory Dwelling Unit may be leased for a period shorter than thirty (30) days;
3. No more than one (1) Accessory Dwelling Unit may be located on a zoning lot;
4. The owner of a property with an Accessory Dwelling Unit must reside on-site;
5. Accessory Dwelling Unit shall not exceed two (2) stories, or thirty (30) feet in height;
6. Accessory Dwelling Unit shall be exempt from the minimum lot size and minimum lot size per unit requirements of the underlying zoning district;
7. Aside from the provisions of Section 912.08.E.5 and Section 912.08.E.6, Accessory Dwelling Units shall comply with the development standards of the underlying zoning district and other applicable requirements of the Code, except for the minimum lot size per unit requirement;
8. Prior to the issuance of a Certificate of Occupancy for an Accessory Dwelling Unit, the Applicant shall record a deed restriction obliging current and future property owners to maintain compliance with Section 912.08.E and Section 912.08.E.d[4];
9. Accessory Dwelling Units shall be exempt from the on-site parking requirements of Section 914; and
10. Accessory Dwelling Units shall only be permitted as accessory to structures with no more than one (1) legally established residential dwelling unit.
