Zoning
The Zoning & Development Review Division of the Department of City Planning administers the City's Zoning Code. The Zoning Division is your first stop for getting most construction permits in the City of Pittsburgh.
The approval processes involved vary by project type, the scope of work, and location (see the
Department of Permits, Licenses, and Inspections
for more information)
Quick Links
Pittsburgh Zoning Map
Pittsburgh Zoning Code
Historic Preservation Code
Primary Roles & Responsibilities of the Zoning Division
Regulates land use within the City of Pittsburgh
Reviews interior/exterior renovations, additions/expansions, and new construction
Initiates zone changes and zoning code text amendments
Shapes public realm through the design review process
Establishes and regulates local Historic Designations
Regulates consolidations and subdivisions
What are the codes and regulations administered?
The City of Pittsburgh Zoning Code regulates land use and activities within the City boundaries. The intent of zoning regulations is to allow property owners the reasonable use of their property insofar as the use is not detrimental to abutting properties or to the neighborhood. The City of Pittsburgh is divided into different Zoning Districts that regulate the potential uses of a property.
Interactive maps
show the zoning and parcel information.
Note: the current
Certificate(s) of Occupancy
for particular property documents explain how that property is legally allowed to be used.
The
City of Pittsburgh Zoning Code (Title 9)
is hosted by General Code, found here.
The
City of Pittsburgh’s Historic Preservation Code (Title 11)
is hosted by General Code here.
Additional guidelines
can be found here.
The
Subdivision Regulations and Standards
of the City Planning Commission govern all consolidations and subdivisions in the City of Pittsburgh.
Zoning FAQ
Answers to frequently asked questions related to zoning within the City of Pittsburgh
Planning Application and Process
Find applications reviewed by the Department of City Planning here.
Housing
The City of Pittsburgh is committed to implementing policies that promote, produce, and preserve affordable housing options throughout the City that are safe, healthy and let all residents thrive.
last updated: 05/28/2026
